Added views docs (#4522)
SumoLogic/sumologic-documentation: docs/manage/views/view-list.md

---
id: view-list
title: View Information About Views
description: Learn how to view a list of scheduled views configured for your organization and view the details of a scheduled view.
---

import useBaseUrl from '@docusaurus/useBaseUrl';

The page has information about viewing information about the views/indexes configured for your organization.

:::note

> You must have a role that grants you the View Scheduled Views [role capability](/docs/manage/views/view-list) in order to view information about scheduled views.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You must have a role that grants you the View Scheduled Views [role capability](/docs/manage/users-roles/roles/role-capabilities/) in order to view information about scheduled views.
```
